those who pass people's aid nexus and me
we are in a more asked for cadismo with
a lot of bots like us
saying here that it seems like I'm alone
I'm ironman if I'm the iron man mod
but I'm not alone guys because I have
today we are going to make a battle one
battle of superhero we have here to that
true with superman batman
we really do not leave here we have to
internally search that green that I do not know
very good that you can write without your
flashlight but good here we have the
what is the george is what you will see with me
bursting speed
and here we have the maxim that is superman
superman cloud is worth you just joked say
that so that my opponent knows
here we have iron man that is the best
we also talk for combat the
first combat is going to be between blas
against batman come
today to climb this way was true that
Batman has no powers to fly
321 is already the horse in chain
go beyond fag
as a nation as if they do not have powers of
true and I do not have super suit either
it would burst everything
and for the next fight is going to be
between superman and green lantern
prisoners 1 forward fights the lantern
green disqualifies
the next fight is between ironman
that is me and flash flash wait that
this one is being fast but I can not
do nothing against iron man iron man
ready to make a hit a touch
special is put in place the most
special
in the balls
What's up
or not
goodbye javier batman is to see what you do
beard can not fly batman can not
fly to the ground there is
the truth is sensual the ass of
'green lantern' this
so you see me
Oh my God
let's do a battle of powers
who can not participate until the
use of your parents
obama sponsors
321 the battle of hooks began
to burn that god go in a strategy
of these matches
if he has won ironman like he had to be
I'm going to show you the last armor of
attentive iron
you have to face you have to miss that
enemy
we have to get all together
we have to face the superpowers
for less they can have 7 batum worth
but we have to tell our
superpowers and end up killing what you
come if we win can we go let's go
come on let's go up this guy
no no no
apart guys this job for me
You can also talk about all
here I come with my army of late
week until you liked good
comments and enough likes in the
video in general if I see that it has
liked it so I will continue uploading this series
that is from the game of meat mod and nothing
more to say or it is simply that if
you liked it now I had a lot like
always the favorite and subscription are
see you tomorrow
always wins sign is worth a lot and nobody
he always wins from